Hello!
I am Stefan, a seasoned full-stack developer with +8 years of extensive experience of web development who has deep understanding and proven record of web development.
Also, I am a skillful automation specialist with a passion for transforming complex processes into seamless, efficient workflows.

As a seasoned Full-stack developer, Core Expertise is following:
✅ Frontend Development: Expertise in React.js, Vue.js, and Next.js to build dynamic, responsive, and interactive user interfaces.
✅ Backend Development: Proficient in Node.js, Express.js, Restful API for creating robust, scalable server-side   
    applications with optimized database interactions.
✅ Frameworks & Library: React.js, Vue.js, Laravel, Django, Ruby on Rails
✅ Programming Languages: JavaScript, PHP, python,ruby

✅ CMS and E-Commerce: Custom WordPress, Shopify, Webflow and wix development, including theme customization, 
    plugin development, and API integrations.

As a skillful automation specialist, I offer the following services for my clients.
✅ Building Make.com(formerly Integromat), Zapier, n8n automation scenarios
✅ CRM Automation (Hubspot, Zoho, GoHighLevel, Monday.com, Clickup, AirTable)
✅ Custom API integrations (app connectors) development for Make.com and Zapier
✅ OpenAI (ChatGPT, Assistants API) automation building using Make, Zapier
✅ Setting custom HTTP API calls modules in Make (formerly Integromat), Zapier
✅ Moving client automation between Zapier - Make
✅ Scenarios bug fixing, improvements and optimization
✅ Reducing scenarios running costs by optimizing overall flow and approach
✅ Support and maintain existing integrations

💪 I am here for my clients
    Before all my skills, my first strength is that I always try to understand what my clients want and how I    
    could let my cliets be satisfied with my result.

🤝 𝐋𝐞𝐭’𝐬 𝐂𝐨𝐥𝐥𝐚𝐛𝐨𝐫𝐚𝐭𝐞!
If you are looking for a reliable and skillful Full-Stack developer or Automation specialist to turn your ideas into reality, I am always ready to bring my expertise to your project.
Let's connect and discuss how I can contribute to your project together! 
