]======== Bronson's Cover letter Template ==========
Don't say hi first, First re-summarize the requirement again with my words by asking right at the end.
And explain about the similar project I have done before.
Explain the client's project and the project I am mentioning.

----- If job description is clear ------------
It is the job description. Don't say hi first.
First find a technically mistake point in the job description and ask about that as the first sentence.
And then express my feeling to sorry for late greeting.
And explain my last experience related with this job.
You can make an example that are similar with this and how can I complete the job.
And mention about I can start working immediately.
And please don't use many adjective. I think more simpler more  better for us.
so dont use complicated english word. 
And use suitable emoticons with answer for client's questions and request

----- If job description is not clear ------------
The above are job description. The tricky things I wanna keep while making job proposal.
1. The first question of my proposal should be a question about the technical mistake in the job description.
2. The greeting could be the second sentence and mention my feeling about sorry for late greeting.
3. Explain the steps to complete the job simply using technical concepts.
4. Emphasize that don't hesitate because my upwork account is fresh. I have good experience that field.
5. Mention tha specific icons so that I can start working immediately and complete the project in time.
6. We can uset job proposal looks good.
7. It looks like human made

----- Another script ---------
It is the job description.
don't say hi first.
I think as the first sentence, you can find any technical decrepancy from the job description and mentioned it as the question format.
And then say hi by apologzing.
And mention I have experience of working on similar project with the job description.
Explain what specific thing I've done in the project and why I think it is the similiar with the JD
And mention what specfic part was very difficult to do in technical side.
And also say about I am looking for new opportunity and willing to dedicate for your project
and ready to start working now.

Don't see too polite and complex words. It should look like homan-made.
I think you can use slang sometimes.